Feature/update release notes (#260)
pxblue/doc-it: src/docs/release-notes/R17/Summary.mdx

> Updated our design pattern pages with modern images and restructured each page's content. Expanded the PX Blue stickersheet to include more PX Blue and Material UI components. Added reusable authentication workflow for React. Added new components for Angular (Nav Rail, Dropdown Toolbar) & React (Dropdown Toolbar), and React Native (Spacer, ListItemTag).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated content for the design pattern pages, added more components to the PX Blue stickersheet, new Angular components for [Dropdown Toolbar](https://pxblue-components.github.io/angular/?path=/info/components-dropdown-toolbar--readme) and [Navigation Rail](https://pxblue-components.github.io/angular/?path=/story/components-drawer--with-a-nav-rail), new React component for [Dropdown Toolbar](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react/?path=/info/components-dropdown-toolbar--get-read-me-story), new React Native components for [Spacer](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react-native/?path=/info/components-documentation--spacer) and [List Item Tag](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react-native/?path=/info/components-documentation--list-item-tag), built a re-usable authentication workflow for React.
```

> Updated content for the design pattern pages, added more components to the PX Blue stickersheet, new Angular components for [Dropdown Toolbar](https://pxblue-components.github.io/angular/?path=/info/components-dropdown-toolbar--readme) and [Navigation Rail](https://pxblue-components.github.io/angular/?path=/story/components-drawer--with-a-nav-rail), new React component for [Dropdown Toolbar](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react/?path=/info/components-dropdown-toolbar--get-read-me-story), new React Native components for [Spacer](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react-native/?path=/info/components-documentation--spacer) and [List Item Tag](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react-native/?path=/info/components-documentation--list-item-tag), built a re-usable authentication workflow for React.

Reviewer 2: add a link to patterns page here too

Author: Added a link out to the design patterns page.
